greentea-client cleanup (#23)
ARMmbed/greentea-client: README.md

# Table of Contents

> * [greentea-client](#greentea-client)  
>   * [Compatibility](#compatibility)    

Reviewer: Whitespaces
```suggestion
* [greentea-client](#greentea-client)
  * [Compatibility](#compatibility)
```

```json
{
  "testDependencies": {
    "utest": "^1.10.0"
  }
}
```

### greentea-client support in your module

Currently ```greentea-client``` is in on version ```1.0.x```. Please use a ```^1.0.0``` dependency version in your ```module.json``` file.

Example of ```module.json``` file with ```greentea-client``` as a test dependency:
```json
{
  "testDependencies": {
    "greentea-client": "^1.0.0",
    "utest" : "^1.10.0",
    "unity" : "^2.1.0"
  }
}
```
* [Greentea](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-tools/tree/master/packages/mbed-greentea)
* [htrun](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-tools/tree/master/packages/mbed-host-tests)

## Terms

### Test suite
A test suite is a binary containing test cases we execute on hardware. The test suite has a beginning and an end (like your ```main()``` function would. The test suite may pass, fail or be in an error state (for example if test suite times out or there was a serial port connection problem).

> ### Test case

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we describe what a test case is still? We might have to write a new paragraph for it, rather than talk about minar and utest.

> For example, the ```{{timeout;120}}}``` string is a simple key-value message where the key "_timeout_" is associated with the value "_120_". Both ```greentea-client``` and ```Greentea``` understand this format and can detect key-value messages in a data stream. Both _key_ and _value_ are ASCII strings.

Reviewer 2: This is an example of what a KiVi message is, so the sentence "A KiVi message is defined as" should still stick with this paragraph.

> # Test suite model with greentea-client

Reviewer 2: We should link to the example code instead of have untested code provided in the README.

### key-value protocol

The key-value protocol (also called ```KiVi```) is a simple protocol introduced to the ```Greentea``` test tools. It is used to send simple text messages (events) between the DUT and the host. Each message consists of a _key_ and corresponding _value_ pair. 
A ```KiVi``` message is defined as a string encapsulated between double curly braces. The key and value are separated by a semicolon (```;```).
For example, the ```{{timeout;120}}}``` string is a simple key-value message where the key "_timeout_" is associated with the value "_120_". Both ```greentea-client``` and ```Greentea``` understand this format and can detect key-value messages in a data stream. Both _key_ and _value_ are ASCII strings.
This protocol is a master-slave protocol. The host has the role of _master_ and the DUT is the _slave_.

```greentea-client``` implements the key-value protocol tokenizer and parser.

### greentea-client example

> You can find the greentea-client example application [here](https://github.com/ARMmbed/greentea-client/blob/master/example/main.cpp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the greentea-client example application [here](./example/main.cpp). To build it,

    cmake -S . -B cmake_build -GNinja
    cmake --build cmake_build

This generates an executable `./cmake_build/example/greentea-client-example`.
```
